# PRACTICE
A practice space for me to learn Git Hub
This document focuses on delegation management, due diligence and oversight. The intent of this process description is to establish a consistent approach and methodology to how DentaQuest develops trusted relationships with its partners who perform business and operational services on its behalf; it also describes a framework that helps the company more predictably implement and oversee the delegation process.  The following definitions provide a consistent basis of understanding for the remainder of this document.
Delegation is the act of giving a particular job, duty, or right to another party (legally, a separate entity) that will perform task(s) for the delegating entity.  Delegates will be responsible for performing these activities on a day-to-day basis, but the final responsibility will remain with the acting entity. 
Due diligence is a process that includes a quantitative and qualitative analysis of the acting entity.  It is generally performed by operations professionals before considering any delegation activity.  During this phase, a detailed analysis of the company and every aspect of its delegated function is carried out. It is formally documented in a due diligence report prepared jointly during meetings with the management team and during on-site visits.
Oversight is the act of making sure that a particular task or duty delegated to another entity is performed diligently, honestly and fairly, in the best interests of the final beneficiaries, with due skill, care and diligence, and that the entity has all the resources and procedures in place to perform its task(s). Oversight is further characterized as a continuous process improvement lifecycle, with measures in place to qualify and/or quantify quality goals and objectives.
